Systems Administrator
=====================

About the Job
-------------

Identify and surface architectural and performance issues, helping the
engineering team to promote system stability, scalability, and flexibility.  At
Twilio, software engineers own the production operation of thier products.
Your job is to provide the infrastructure, monitoring, and alerting tools they
need to be successful.

Own nagios monitoring and alerting infrastructure.  False positives are your
nemesis.  You are passionate about keeping nagios quiet and ensuring only
critical alerts are sent to the poor sod who is on call (which is often you).

Maintain our production persistence infrastructure, specifically database
pivots.  Continually seek to automate manual tasks.  Own our Amazon EC2 AMI
build process and tool chain, taking personal responsibility for the quality of
new AMI releases.

Pioneer and design/build/operate a multi-cloud automation infrastructure.
Twilio is one of the first companies to actually need it.

Learn Twilio's infrastructure provisioning and automation system - which we
call "boxconfig" - an overview is available here.  We are measured based on the
uptime, performance, and security of our APIs - your at job is critical to
Twilio's success.

In addition to tried and true MySQL, PHP, and Java, we use async python, redis,
EC2, SQS, zeromq, and other leading edge technologies.

Requirements
------------

Software Engineers you've worked with before respect you, and routinely seek
out your advice on production issues before they start writing code.

You've done custom automation work before -- writing custom scripts, not just
running them.  Your scripting kung fu is good and you're adept at bash, python,
and/or awk

You are facilitator not a blocker.  You understand the trade-offs between
reliability and development speed.

Troubleshooting is a core part of your mental make up.  You have the
communication skills and technical ability to get to the root of issues
efficiently - and you've kind of always been this way. You are a quick study
and a problem solver.

You've been a member of an on-call team and are comfortable making quick,
aggressive decisions to return systems to stability.

You have experience with monitoring tools like Nagios, Cacti, collectd or
Zenoss.

Nice to Have
------------

You've worked with a team that has scaled a product in production (e.g. >
10,000 users, lots of transactions per sec) and have configured web servers,
load balancers, VPNs, and any kind of software that would sit on a U machine in
a co-lo.

You've owned SQL databases in production environments, preferably open-source
ones (Postgres, MySQL).

You've operated infrastructure in the cloud on EC2 or other virtualized
platforms.

You understand the basics of improving system and hardware performance, and why
one might stripe disks with software raid etc.

