## Mon Jan 16 23:42:20 PST 2012

Slept most of today becuase my left bit toe is swollen (with blood, I
think).  Pain is stressful and I've conditioned my body to sleep and
hope for the best.

Reading about this guy's [extreme minimalism][extreme minimalism].
Here's my list of items were I mobile instead of tied down to a wife,
kid, and house.

 * North Face Surge backpack
 * Sleeping bag
 * Huge cloak
 * Sweater my wife knit for me
 * Banana Republic Plaid shirt
 * Banana Republic Cord pants
 * Ecco Yucatan Sandals
 * Full-body long-johns
 * Wallet
 * Macbook Air
 * iPhone 4S
 * HyperJuice battery
 * Box of dried foods
 * Bottle of water
 * Big fucking knife

[extreme minimalism]: http://andrewhy.de/extreme-minimalism/

## Wed Jan 11 05:01:37 PST 2012

I've been late on a major project for a month, making the mistakes of no
documentation, no distribution of work and research, and polishing too
much before releasing something people can see.

Today, frustrated with myself, I voiced complaints about coworkers not
delivering finished scripts.  In one case the search was extensive,
saving myself hours of work, but the way I received the gift was
inconsiderate.  

Writing finish scripts is a reward in its own.  Users will notice,
especially in a culture that does not build tools.  

## Mon Jan  9 17:33:40 GMT 2012

Turned on push/fetch for personal email accounts, manual pulls for work.
Checking email only on mobile.  If I want more specific processing,
write an smtp/imap application server.

Also turned off instant messenger and social networks  except for IRC
and Path.  As a last resort, there's my Google Voice number for voice
and SMS messages.

## Sun Jan  8 00:19:33 PST 2012

I can't muster any enthusiasm for Javascript or CoffeeScript.  Thought
hubot could give me an excuse but I keep thinking I'd rather write my
own IRC gem than learn enough CoffeeScript to bridge hubot adapters.
Plus most of my work is in Ruby and it seems pointless to not use my
Sinatra, boson code.  Still trying to get into Javascript but not via
IRC.

## Tue Jan  3 04:20:12 PST 2012

The day before the boss comes into the office expecting something, I
find the 100 machines I've built are defective in various ways.  Errors
during the bootstrap were ignored (because I don't check every error on
each line) and at scale, error messages aren't seen.

Correcting multiple errors shifted problems elsewhere.  Fix one thing,
discover another error masked or compounded.  Without fine grained tests
validating each step of a machine build, I still don't know if my
machines are good, only that they pass the rudimentary tests that were
wildly failing a few hours ago.

At some point all these tests is just automated continuous QA.  Need to
make some tools for it soon.

## Mon Jan  2 02:41:06 PST 2012

A year ago on December 31, 2009, I opened my current GitHub account wit
the new year's resolution to open source as much of my work, and to
commit at least once every day.  I made my home directory into a
project with a ticker of how many commits in the last month.

Eventually the awkward commits became second-nature as I commited every
change.  git commands become muscle memory.  By the end of the year, I'd
gotten a good feel for how small my projects should be though I still
have way too many incomplete projects.

This year I'll build on my success by writing man pages, project
documentation, my reasoning, and more thoughtful emails.  I expect at
first to write anything down to fulfil my quota until I'm comfortable
with grammar, diction, pacing.

## Wed Dec 28 23:25:50 PST 2011

Reading why [rubygems are slow][slow-rubygems].  Too hard for me to
solve, but I can hack away at it.

[slow-rubygems]: http://robots.thoughtbot.com/post/2729333530/fetching-source-index-for-http-rubygems-org

## Tue Dec 27 17:34:19 PST 2011

Separated my work and personal GitHub accounts since I don't participate
in work discussions.  May further separate work into app and operations
accounts as I do want to discuss operations.

## Tue Dec 27 16:02:09 PST 2011

So the standard for cominbing bosonson, sinatra, etc. from individual
gems is encapsulated in a gem called `surface`.  

## Tue Dec 27 15:25:57 PST 2011

hostess and rtfmd are sinatra apps that can run standalone, so need a
standard for configuration apps and anchoring them to your own sinatra
app.

Need bosonson command libraries to compile rtfmd pages for static
hosting; to write gems and update repository indexes.

Something like:

    bss hostess.write_gems *.gem
    bss hostess.update_index
    bss hostess.run

    bss rtfmd.write_pages *.ronn *.mkd
    bss rtmfd.run

`bss` would be a script exported from bosonson with bundler/gem
integration.

## Mon Dec 26 05:16:25 GMT 2011

Ripping out the rubygems.org Rails app, keeping the Hostess gem server
and gem processors.  Need a name for something that moves raw gems out
of the mines.

## Mon Dec 26 04:39:43 GMT 2011

Reading rubygems.org source to extract a gem indexing and serving
service.  Looking at `app/jobs/indexer` and the `Hostess` app.

## Sun Dec 25 10:03:49 GMT 2011

Remove bash scripts, replace them with bosonson command libraries.

## Sun Dec 25 08:27:09 GMT 2011

`reset --soft HEAD^` is better because the changed are reflected in the
index.  Can add files from the working area or take changes out of the
index.

## Sun Dec 25 05:57:24 GMT 2011

Trying out a new rebase technique.  Instead of `rebase -i` since a sha,
squash all commits into one, then `reset HEAD^` and starting the largest
adds that can later be combined with prior commits.

## Sat Dec 24 09:01:56 GMT 2011

Learned about comparing against the staging area instead of the disk in
pre-commit git hooks.  

[[http://tech.yipit.com/2011/11/16/183772396/]]

